[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Hello, and welcome to
Healthy Habit Number One,
which is all about hydration.
And in this recipe
video, I'm going
to be showing you how to
introduce lemon juice to water.
It sounds simple, but
there's so many variations.
You can add cayenne, you can add
turmeric, you can add ginger.
You can add salt, even.
You can add apple cider vinegar.
All ways to help
stimulate the liver
to help facilitate
detoxification processes
within the body, and to
help hydrate yourselves.
Such a critical first step
with the healthy habits.
Enjoy.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> To make the ginger
lemon detox drink,
you will need 10 ounces of
spring or filtered water,
half an inch nub ginger
root, diced finely,
the juice of half a
lemon and, optionally,
a tablespoon of raw honey.
What you need to do is
take the fresh ginger
and put it in your
hand like this.
We use a rasper to
get it this fine,
or you can chop it really fine.
Just squeeze it
through your fingers.
Let the ginger juice
drain into the water.
Then add the juice of
half a lemon straight in.
I'd only have it like that.
Or you can add the
optional honey,
if you like it a
little bit sweeter.
Stir it all together.